hello speaks Andrew for the laptop 10
and today we are going to see this
application that I have here is called
bigger and this application is going to be a
alternative to install was installed and
It stopped working
equally and we will see this application
but first I want to tell you that they already have
android channel I already know that many already
you know but well anyway here goes
to have a link in the bottom by
if they want to access or also at the end
of the video they can do then
I just wanted you to know and
live in the description if you want the same
will be there the channel is low and
android or youtube.com diagonal android
so that the checks but good and
going back to the topic here we have vision and
the truth that works very similar
I install what it does is that we can
download all the applications that
we found inside the app store but
totally free and I had them
taught a few methods here I'm going to
leave anyway which are
100% legal download applications from
here the only thing that is not legal is still
it is legal to upload them, so to speak
but good if you want to download 100%
legitimate of those applications that the
can update that the downloads of
the app store I leave here some options
but good I feel are more want
use bigger as it is good and good
we are going to open the application and here
we find they are going to be different
options have five options here until
the start categories downloads handle and
more and good in what we're going to
focus will be here in looking for that
I guess it's good if they want this
application you already know that download
suppose I do not know if we would like
angry birds we just look for it
here gives us different options for
example let's find the version of
star wars then here as we see is the
first option the only thing that we have to
do is select the one and here we are going to
give information about the app as well as how
it works the app store tells us its
description has some images and what
only thing we have to do is here
where it says press where it says download
then here we go to the tab
downloads and well we have to wait for
that the download starts if it takes and
well here my download began but if
I would have been slow to start the download
all I have to do is press
pause and play again so that the
program recognize that but good and as
come here started the download goes a little
slow then I 'm going to go back with
the video once it is finished
the download ok here say install
angry birds starwars I think it weighed
a lot and I'll be taking too much
in installing but hey here I started to
install 360 panorama then here already
goes in 97% then there is simply
to wait for it to finish downloading
but hey, I just wanted to tell you that
I already changed the application to download
because he did not want to lose so much
video time but good here we go to
wait for 360 panorama to finish
let them see how it is installed
already downloaded then here I'm going to the
download tab simply the
selected and I put to who says
reinstall is going to start installing
this application we are only going to
wait for the installation to finish
to see that the icon is already
normal and the application will work
ok then it's just going to wait for
that here it already appeared to us that it was installed
correctly 360 panorama then
good if I go to this page and up
here the application then if I get
as in the application it will run to the
perfection this is an application for
Take 360- degree photos and photos
panoramic as you see here it works
pretty good the application here if I
I want I could start to try the same
application and how they look works very well
so good to install vision is
very simple the only thing that we have to
have silvia once you're in
cydia will go here where he says handle
once you are managing sources
then they will press edit and then
add once this
window will put iphone m dotcom
diagonal group are going to add that font
and once she is attacked she will join here
where it says look and they're going to look
simply this application that is
vision and good are going to see here
the selection can not be installed and
confirm and they're also going to need another
application to work well it
call apps and you have to download it from
the same group of iphone yachts and not
it may be that it works badly
application then they are simply going to
search for
austin for a 5.0 plus this will work
for ios 5 and ios 6 so I do not know
worry about being installed in this gesture of
nyaya vessey if it works well but this
application only works from ios
5 then they are from one version
previous will not work vision
then make sure you download this
version of acsi and that's how they are going to
be able to download applications with vision
an alternative installed and well this
it was all as I say, subscribe to me
diagonal youtube.com android channel
Android or look crazy happy fashion
android and this would be all thank you very much
by watching this video do not forget
subscribe to the channel if you have not yet
they are and before saying goodbye I want
tell them that there are no layers of gifts
as in all the videos on this occasion
I will give away the two copies of fifa 12
or of angry birds or any game
choose and whoever wins it
be in the same value and also a
subscriber by twitter here I leave your
twitter down here but he sent you a
copy of tetris
copy of mirror's edge and a copy of
mass effect infíltrate or then good
if you want to win any of those
they just have to leave a like in
the video and comment anything with
a script at the end so that's how
simple you can earn one of the
five up and well at the end of this
video will be the five winners
from last Wednesday's video many
thanks for watching and bye bye let's go
to choose the five winners what I'm going
to do is that we are going to separate the
comments from 10 in 10 before appeared
in per pages but good now every time
you squeeze show an art throws 10
new comments then here are
1.106 which means that they are 111
pages and should show more then what
what are we going to say here to random point
or heretical we are going to put a number between
the 1 and the 111 and the number that goes out and goes
to be winners page number
of the comments is to say that it's going to
leave the page I do not know for example the
page 35 if you do not know page 35
you will choose 5 cattle from that page what
will do to choose them is that we go
to put a random number after
between 1 and 2
and if I get 1 they are going to do all 5
first comments on that page if I
the 2 is going to be the last 5 of that
page
let's see what page we get 55
outgoing let's go let's go up to 55
this is going to put it in fast camera
because I think it took me a little
but hey this is page 1 page
2 and well well I will not go with the
the rest
524 and when we are simply missing
a page to get to page 55
so now let's choose if they are going to
be the first five or the five
latest inventions to show here in the
page and we're going to do from the luis
Alanis
jesus daniel marquez queen and they will be able
be the winners then well we're going to
see who is the winner of these 555
first or the last five we are going to
go here to rne of a point or rg of one in
two and he tells us he's going to do the
first five then good the
winners of a game of 99 or that already
of 99 cents on 13 pesos of mexico
do luis alanis is going to be and deivid
happy 97 daniel blogs software 3 and
black decker bryant then good they
they have to communicate with me now
I'm going to save your channels and so I
send a private message from
and she simply communicate us
we agree to see what
applications want to win because
many mergers applications that cost
and in more than three hundred then good
they have to choose one that is that
price simply send a message
Private here for youtube and with pleasure
I send your code for your applications and
good if they did not win participation in
us and you will see there are two back besides
of the five applications that are being
giving away today's good this would be
all thank you very much for seeing God